[full-ci] Add inmem option for nats-js stores (#7979)
owncloud/ocis: services/gateway/README.md

  -   `redis-sentinel`: Stores data in a configured Redis Sentinel cluster.
  -   `nats-js-kv`: Stores data using key-value-store feature of [nats jetstream](https://docs.nats.io/nats-concepts/jetstream/key-value-store)
  -   `noop`: Stores nothing. Useful for testing. Not recommended in production environments.
  -   `ocmem`: Advanced in-memory store allowing max size. (deprecated)
  -   `redis`: Stores data in a configured Redis cluster. (deprecated)
  -   `etcd`: Stores data in a configured etcd cluster. (deprecated)
  -   `nats-js`: Stores data using object-store feature of [nats jetstream](https://docs.nats.io/nats-concepts/jetstream/obj_store) (deprecated)

Other store types may work but are not supported currently.

Note: The service can only be scaled if not using `memory` store and the stores are configured identically over all instances!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that if you have used one of the deprecated stores, you should reconfigure to one of the supported ones as the deprecated stores will be removed in a later version.

```

Store specific notes:
  -   When using `redis-sentinel`, the Redis master to use is configured via e.g. `OCIS_CACHE_STORE_NODES` in the form of `<sentinel-host>:<sentinel-port>/<redis-master>` like `10.10.0.200:26379/mymaster`.
  -   When using `nats-js-kv` it is recommended to set `OCIS_CACHE_STORE_NODES` to the same value as `OCIS_EVENTS_ENDPOINT`. That way the cache uses the same nats instance as the event bus.

>   -   When using `nats-js-kv` store it is possible to use `OCIS_CACHE_DISABLE_PERSISTENCE` to instruct nats to not persist cache entries on disc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  -   When using the `nats-js-kv` store, it is possible to set `OCIS_CACHE_DISABLE_PERSISTENCE` to instruct nats to not persist cache data on disc.
```
